# About me

As an electronic engineer, I had the opportunity to develop my career in the technology field, initially working as a firmware programmer in the fleet tracking segment. In addition, I gained experience in web development using PHP and Python, especially in the e-commerce segment. Currently, I am in a career transition and pursuing a degree in Software Engineering at Instituto Infnet. I have been contributing as a volunteer web developer for Non-Governmental Organizations, using technologies such as WordPress, Tailwind, Flowbite, and Radix UI. I have been improving my skills in the main web stacks, including JavaScript, TypeScript, React, Redux, and React Router through the intensive program at Trybe.

Recently, I completed a postgraduate course in Java, which covered a wide range of technologies, such as Java 8 and 11, Spring Boot, Spring Data JPA, Spring Security, SQL (SQL language, Hibernate, PostgreSQL, MySQL), JSP, REST API, XML, Servlets, Jakarta EE, EJB, Lombok, RMI, TCP, UDP, Swing, Android, Angular, JHipster, automated testing (JUnit, Mockito), Docker.

During my journey, collaboration in agile teams, time management, and teamwork (including multidisciplinary teams) have been fundamental to my behavioral and professional growth. My goal is to continue improving my programming skills and applying my main learnings and evolutions to challenging projects. Check out my projects on my Github: https://github.com/parseiro and my portfolio website at https://parseiro.github.io. I currently live in Brazil but have Italian nationality and am open to relocation proposals.
